Vasu wakes up in his brother's old room;
wears his brother's worn clothes and carries his brother's last year's books to school.
Living a second-hand life-style of a younger brother, without any complaints and regrets. Except for one.

As he walks to school everyday, his friend fashions his brand new firefox bicycle, cycling around Vasu,
offering him to be a pillion rider; but never to ride.
Disheartened, Vasu finally asked his father one evening,
"Vivek bought a new cycle, papa. Even I want to cycle to the school."

The father had a usual reply, "Use your brother's old cycle."
The filthy old cycle, with more puncture patches on tires than the tube.
"How could he even suggest me to use this?", Vasu slept crying.

He woke up angry the next day. Even the sight of his brother made his face red.
He pulled out the old cycle, cleaned it, took it downstairs, but did not cycle to school on it.
"Vivek has such a new cycle. He'll make fun of me if I go on this cycle.", he murmured.

After walking a few streets, he got an idea, "If this cycle is destroyed, then I can ask for new cycle."
He sneakily took the bicycle upon a nearby five-storeyed building, praying no one saw him.
And he threw the cycle from the top. Dang!

He rushed home crying, "Papa papa, Cycle got broke. Some speeding car had hit me when I was cycling to school."

"Oh my god! You are bleeding Vasu. That's why I never wanted to give you the cycle."

"No papa. I was cycling slowly. There's a car.. and my cycle broke"

"Ok ok. We'll get a new cycle".

Vasu heard what he wanted. He slyly felt proud of his theatrics.

And the following day, he got a new cycle.
For the first time in his life, he chose something that he would use.
He endeared the brand new cycle and kissed the handle.
He rode every street possible to let the world know about his first possession.

He then stumbled upon his brother on one of the streets anxiously trying to get the old cycle fixed.
He wondered, "why is he so foolishly attached to this filthy old cycle?" - so asked the mechanic.

And the brother mournfully replied, "This is the last gift my mother gave me."