"I want a girlfriend",
said Swetha, sitting tiredly on a bean bag, puffing out smoke outside the balcony at the setting sun.

"Uhmm .. You say this everytime you smoke. Why don't you find someone on Tinder?", said Vijay,
 taking his round of smoke from Swetha.

"Tch. This city doesn't offer me anything", said Shwetha, taking her last draw of smoke.
"It's dead." and she put out the cigarette in the ashtray.

"There is still some cigarette left!", Vijay sprang up.

Shwetha, going back to the drawing room.  "What's the point when its not fun any more"

Vijay followed her, "Why don't you move to a city where you find what you want?"

"It is the same everywhere. Or may be its just me. My fears about my family, society.. I don't know"
 And he prepared to leave Vijay's room.
"Anyways, thanks for hosting and the cigarette. Just needed some let out."

"Anytime. Sleep well, you seem to be sleepless off-late." said Vijay, waving a goodbye to him.

"Haha, that's true. See ya". And he left Vijay's house pulling out his phone.
Rainbow colored phone case. He opened tinder to her disappointment. There were no new matches.
He desperately started to right swipe every other person, without any awareness of the road he's walking on.

Dang! Shwetha fell in a dry open sewer. He could see nothing. It was pitch dark.
He screamed for help but of no avail. The night sky covered his only source of light, and hope.
He stopped screaming.

And then, he saw a small round rainbow colored light falling on his calves.
"Is there a cave here?" he thought. He started to enlarge the hole so he could fit in.
And the size of the rainbow light kept increasing.

The hole is now big enough for him to crawl in. He entered to get blinded by a strong rainbow.
His vision blurred but he sensed presence of someone else.
"Who is this?"
"Can you please help me get out?"
The still silence prevailed.

And when he could regain his vision, he saw a beautiful girl with green eyes and blue hair, in funky, alien clothes.
She's a stunning beauty and its hard for Shwetha to not fall in her love at the first sight.
"Heyyyy! Welcome to my den! Would you like to have some water?" the host asked offering a glass of water.

Perplexed, Shwetha asked, "Who are you? What are you doing in a man-hole?"

"Ahh.. The society named it a man-hole. Anyone can be here. Right? So I'm here." she asked wittingly.

"Yeah. but.. anyways. I fell here accidentally. Could you help me out?"

"Accident? I thought you wanted this. That's sad." All her initial enthusiasm dipped suddenly.

Shwetha was very confused at what's happening around her, "Wanted what?"

"I'm your tinder match. And I came from another planet for you. Now you say it was an accident.
Anyways, you can leave. That's the way out."

"What? If this some kind of a prank, its very bad."

"I have no time for prank. Time on our planet is very quick, and precious.
You are Shwetha and have been wanting a girl-friend for years.
You joined Tinder on 23th June 2017,on your birthday, but failed to get a single match since then. You.."

"Okay, stop. Stop!" Shwetha was still trying to grasp the situation. "So you've come all the way to date me?"

"Thank god you aren't ghosting me!" Her energy is back.

"But no, I cannot date you. I just came to see the person who stole my heart in person.
You're so beautiful!", said the alien hugging Shwetha.

"But why cannot we date? We like each other right?", asked the still confused Shwetha.

"Time zones, Shwetha! One day in my planet equals 100 years on yours. And I cannot live on Earth.",
said the alien girl, hugging Shwetha tighter.

Shwetha was thinking for solutions. "What about this place? Can we spend time here?"

"This is my spaceship. This will run out of fuel soon. I'll have to leave in a few moments."

"And if I come with you, I cannot comeback?"

"Yes, you will be practically be dead on this planet. Don't even think about that babe."
She said giving him a peck on the cheek.

Shwetha was looking into her eyes deeply. Her heart was pounding heavily.
Never was she so close to another woman. And they continued to hug.

"I'll have to leave now Shwetha. It was nice to meet you!"
And she started to get out of the hug. Shwetha held her hand to stop her.

"I'll come with you."

"What? No! You'll be dead in a day in our times."

"A day is enough"

"But you can live much longer here!"

"What's the point when its not fun any more"

And then he drew her closer. Closer than they were before. They could breath each other.
And then, they kissed.

Snap! Snap!

"Wake up! You've come all the way to sleep here?", said Vijay trying to wake Shwetha up from her slumber.

She woke up from a deep sleep, breathing heavily, unable to get hold of the reality.

"What happened? Did I wake you up abruptly?"

"No, it's fine. Can I pull a smoke?", said Shwetha, taking the cigarette from Vijay.
She pulled a long smoke to the end of the cigarette and puffing it out across the balcony at the setting sun,
he said, "I want a girl friend."